chore: update client examples (#103)
web3-storage/web3.storage: packages/client/examples/browser/README.md

# Files demo browser - web3.storage

> A demo using web3.storage client in the browser to pre-calculate the CID for an asset then storing it on web.storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A demo using web3.storage client in the browser to pre-calculate the CID for an asset then store it on web3.storage.
```
